Add browser_type_override to README (#26)
foreai-co/cj-action: README.md

- `wait_timeout_seconds`: (Optional) Maximum number of seconds to wait for the test to complete. Default is 300 seconds. Must be between 30 and 900 seconds (inclusive).
- `website_url_override`: (Optional) Allows overriding the base website URL used during test execution.  
- `params_override`: (Optional) Allows overriding default parameter values defined in the test suite, so that tests can be run with custom parameter values. This should be a valid json string and all keys and values are also strings.

> - `browser_type_override`: (Optional) Browser to use for the test: 'chromium', 'firefox', or 'webkit'. Default is 'chromium'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `browser_type_override`: (Optional) Browser engine to run the test with: 'chromium', 'firefox', or 'webkit'. Defaults to 'chromium' if not specified.
```

          website_url_override: 'https://beta-dev.my-awesome.com/2'
          # Override test parameters using this optional field. Provide valid json string.
          params_override: '{ "param1" : "value1", "param2" : "value2" }'

>           browser_type_override: 'firefox'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Override browser type using this optional field. Defaults to `chromium` if not provided.
          browser_type_override: 'firefox'
```
Please put this in the run test example. Customer will usually end up copying this for their first trial and we don't want everyone to try with `firefox` first. Maybe just remove this completely.
